docs/_detail.md, before:

#### What is the Go Kit?

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, sed ad atqui mnesarchum, autem luptatum honestatis ea nam.
Sea no error soluta, mei te tollit nullam nominati. Sea debitis officiis no. Te iracundia conceptam duo.  


#### What are the features?

- __File scanning__ - Scan files and directories for malware.
- __URL scanning__ - Send urls for analysis.
- __Realy simply to use__ - Works out of the box with the anonymous free tier usage.
- __Secplugs Portal__ - With a registered API key you can access all the core Secplugs features via the portal.

#### How does it work?

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, sed ad atqui mnesarchum, autem luptatum honestatis ea nam.
Sea no error soluta, mei te tollit nullam nominati. Sea debitis officiis no. Te iracundia conceptam duo.  

#### How do I get started?

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, sed ad atqui mnesarchum, autem luptatum honestatis ea nam.
Sea no error soluta, mei te tollit nullam nominati. Sea debitis officiis no. Te iracundia conceptam duo.  

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, sed ad atqui mnesarchum, autem luptatum honestatis ea nam.
Sea no error soluta, mei te tollit nullam nominati. Sea debitis officiis no. Te iracundia conceptam duo.

Commit message:

Initial version of the filescan go module
This supports the scanning of a file for malware via either the default api
key or a registered api key. This module can be installed the usual way by
`go get secplugs.com/filescan`.

The docs have been updated. But might have to go through a couple of iterations
to get it right.

docs/_detail.md, after:

#### What is the Go Kit?

A go module(`secplugs.com/filescan`) that can be readily integrated into your code base to submit data for malware scan
Currently the plugin supports file scans

#### What are the features?

- __File Scanning__ - Easy methods to allow uploading of files for scanning
- __Secplugs Portal__ - With a registered API key you can access all the core Secplugs features via the portal.

#### How does it work?

The library supports all the standard Secplugs functionality allowing access to file analysis functionality and makes it easier than integrating directly with the REST APIs.

#### How do I get started?

To get started download the module (via `go get secplugs.com/filescan`) and use it in your Go code. This will work out of the box.

To use additional features and the privacy of your own account, after registering in Secplugs.com, login with your username and create an API key to use with your Go code. 
Create a new instance of the scan client with the API key and use it in your code.
Use can then use the Secplugs console to view activity, run reports and do deeper retrospective threat analysis.
